W-17168322-benchmark-note-kt (#1356)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/rtf-scale.adoc

Runtime Fabric is a core Kubernetes (K8s) software and works alike in all K8s environments which comply with Runtime Fabric hardware and software requirements. 

[NOTE]

> These scalability benchmarks are applicable starting Runtime Fabric v2.7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These scalability benchmarks are applicable starting with Runtime Fabric 2.7.0.
```
